los angeles office of our client seeks law and motion attorney with 5-10 years of experience . the candidate must_have substantial experience in writing briefs in the civil pi / tort law arena . .


new locations . new business ventures . new career_opportunities . working at wilson sonsini good rich & rosa ti is a challenging and rewarding experience . our firm is recognized as the leader in providing legal and business advice to technology and growth companies at all stages of development . our broad spectrum of practices and entrepreneurial spirit allow our staff exceptional opportunities for professional growth and exploration . the palo alto office currently has openings for patent agents and scientific ad_visors in the medi_cal device group . an advanced technical degree in engineering , physics , optics , or computer_science or equivalent work experience is required . attention to detail and strong written and oral_communication skills are essential . responsibilities include supporting attorneys and working with the firm s clients on all aspects of the patent practice , including assisting in the evaluation of invention disclosures , drafting and prosecuting patent applications , performing third_party patent searches , conducting due diligence on behalf of investors and representing companies during intellectual property due diligence . relocation not available . .


the general atomic s ( ga ) group of companies is a world_renowned leader in developing high_technology systems ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to electromagnetic systems ; remotely operated surveillance aircraft ; airborne sensors ; advanced electronic , wireless , and laser technologies ; and biofuels . we currently have an exciting opportunity for an experienced attorney within our law division at our facility in la jolla / torrey pines . duties and responsibilities : under general direction , this position will function in a generalist role supporting the general counsel and lead attorneys . guides the successful resolution of legal problems , examines various documents and data and provides counsel to all levels of management , including senior management , on best courses of action . negotiates and prepares a variety of contractual documents in connection with distributors , sales representatives , licenses , purchases , sales , financial arrangements , leases , real_estate , employment , insurance , mergers , acquisitions and related matters and maintains a currency on us legislative issues , statutes , decisions , laws , regulations and ordinances , as well as laws and regulations related to internal business , including export control . represents the company with outside parties and also acts as an agent for the corporation in various transactions . duties may also include providing various levels of legal advice and service concerning rights , obligations , and privileges of the corporation including patent / intellectual property , copyright , or trademark matters . may have responsibility for providing direction and guidance to less_experienced staff . analyzes , prepares , and reviews various matters including contractual documents to ensure the company s interests are protected . may consult with or refer matters to outside counsel as_required , typically upon recommendation of the general counsel . reviews and identifies legal or contractual issues and provides guidance to all levels of management on resolving those issues ; develops solutions to unusual or complex problems . may assist with analysis and advice regarding litigation and pre-litigation matters . may also assist with negotiation and drafting of various agreements and coordinates the execution of those documents . reviews agreements , evaluates the documentation and authorization forms to identify problematic provisions , determine if the minimum_requirements are met , and ensure consistency with laws , government regulations , economic conditions , and company policies . remains current on state and federal laws , regulations and practices affecting company business . reviews company policies and procedures as_required and works with compliance staff on the same . responsible for observing all laws , regulations and other applicable obligations and company policies wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the company . expected to maintain a productive and safe working_environment in accordance with established operating_procedures and practices . performs other duties as assigned or required . travel percentage required 0 % - 25 % clearance required ? yes apply to job send to friend save to cart view similar jobs


work collaboratively with lawyers supporting the company s business_units to provide high_quality legal advice and work product_related to legal and regulatory_requirements governing the marketing , sale and shipment of the company s products world_wide . research facts and law relevant to issues facing the company and render opinion / advice on same , with key focus on us and international trade , import / export , encryption , customs and environmental regulations relating to the company s products . provide advice and counsel regarding product labeling , product certification and type approval and consumer protection laws and regulations . consult with other lawyers and business partners to recommend processes and tools to anticipate regulatory issues that will affect the company s products based on current and future product road maps . review , draft and negotiate quality and other customer agreements . research and analyze facts surrounding product quality disputes and consult with business and other lawyers on resolution of same . essential duties & responsibilities : provides advice on product regulatory issues and business matters to members of the legal department , members of management and staff of the company and its affiliates . researches and analyzes legal issues and recommends course of action to be taken . negotiates , reviews and drafts quality and other agreements related to the marketing , sale and distribution of the company s products world_wide . advises members of management regarding contract interpretation . researches and advises business_units on compliance with laws and regulations affecting product manufacture and sales , including international trade import / export , encryption , customs , environmental , product labeling , product certification and type approval , consumer protection and copyright levy laws . investigates facts and law surrounding quality disputes and devises strategies for cost-effectively resolving them . works with members of the department and key stakeholders to recommend processes and tools to anticipate regulatory issues that will affect the company s products based on current and future product road maps . reviews and interprets statutes , regulations , advisory opinions and similar documents . may occasionally travel to company s other facilities when necessary / helpful to meet and consult with clients . may supervise non-attorney staff . . law degree from one of the top 70 law schools listed in us news and world report s best law schools compilation . current member of the california bar in good standing . 4-8 years of experience practicing general corporate law with a law firm listed in american lawyer s survey of the top 100 law firms in the united_states , or 5-7 years experience as in_house counsel with mid_size or large company focused on relevant regulatory issues and commercial contracts . full knowledge of principles , concepts and methodology of the practice of corporate law . extensive knowledge of contract and tort law . familiarity with international trade , import / export , encryption , customs and environmental regulations . familiarity with corporate organization , transactional documents , and software and ip license agreements . reads , analyzes , and interprets the most complex documents . has expert written and oral presentation skills . makes effective and credible presentations to employees in company s business groups at all levels on legal issues facing such business groups . maintains confidentiality . presents credible image . conducts business ethically and legally . models ethical business behavior and decision_making to co_workers and internal customers . has exceptionally strong persuasion and negotiating skills and very effective conflict_resolution skills . dedicated to maintaining the highest levels of client_service and satisfaction . develops / maintains good working relationships with internal personnel and / or external contacts . responds effectively to sensitive inquiries or complaints from customers , employees , managers , vendors , regulatory agencies , the media or members of the business community . researches , analyzes and renders opinions about issues arising from the company s business . recommends courses of action , both legal and strategic . examines legal data to determine appropriate negotiation and / or dispute resolution strategy . recommends business_process changes .


los angeles office of our client seeks mid_level trademark attorney with 3-5 years of experience . the candidate must_have substantial knowledge of trademark law . significant experience drafting full trademark opinion letters and advising clients regarding the use of marks is required . experience with patent opinions , trademark enforcement , and licensing are a plus . .


role purpose the in_house counsel will provide domestic and international trademark and title clearance , prosecution , protection and maintenance services to all nb cu businesses . responsibilities prosecute domestic and foreign trademark applications manage and develop global trademark portfolio conduct clearance of domestic and international trademarks and titles counsel and advise clients in timely and cost_effective manner on day_to_day business issues relating to mark use , selection and enforcement direct outside counsel on clearance , prosecution and enforcement in foreign jurisdictions manage domestic and foreign trademark oppositions , enforcement / infringement , anti-counterfeiting matters and udrp proceedings draft trademark related documents such as consents , coexistence agreements , and licensing agreements review style guides , marketing materials and proposed marketing programs for proper use of company marks assess third_party use of marks and make recommendations to client regarding enforcement strategy supervise paralegals on clearance and prosecution matters world_wide supervise administrative_support on docketing and file management . basic_qualifications minimum 6+ years of experience as a practicing attorney in the trademark field member of the california bar excellent organizational_skills and attention to detail excellent oral and written communication skills , including the ability give advice and directions in a clear , concise and well_organized manner ability to demonstrate sound judgment based on business awareness and sound risk assessments ability to adapt to constantly changing priorities ability to multi_task and manage deadlines for heavy workload eligibility requirements interested candidate must submit a resume / cv through www . nbcunicareers . com to be considered must be willing to work in universal city , ca . must be willing to submit to a background_investigation . must_have unrestricted work authorization to work in the united_states .


solid reputation , passionate people and endless opportunities . that 's travelers . our superior financial strength and consistent record of strong operating returns mean security for our customers - and opportunities for our employees . you will find travelers to be full of energy and a workplace in which you truly can make a difference . summary : responsible for providing high_quality and cost_effective legal representation . demonstrates superior knowledge and expertise in the litigation process and provides excellent client_service as part of a workers ' compensation legal team . responsible for independent , aggressive case handling with a resolution management focus . primary duties and responsibilities : litigates cases to verdict , demonstrating superior use of trial skills and techniques ability to independently handle a full to moderate caseload with moderate level of severity and complexity from case inception through trial / resolution works under the guidance of senior counsel in litigating complex and high exposure files conducts legal research as necessitated and supervises research projects delegated to associate counsel and paralegals independently drafts pleadings , motions , briefs , discovery and other file documents attends court events and other appointments independently learns and understands claim customers expectations and key department business goals and assists them in meeting those goals handles and actively seeks opportunities to become involved in special projects and on committees provides recommendations and case analysis to business partners on appropriate file handling strategy integrates legal support staff into case handling process builds and maintains superior internal and external client relationships completes all required administrative tasks including time reporting , closed cases , reports and other materials appropriate to performance of job_duties effectively makes use of technology and automation in the practice of law adheres to all standards of excellence in file management travels as_required to meet business needs ability to mentor and train less_experienced counsel and legal support staff provide advice and training to claim partners and clients education / course of study : graduation from an accredited law school with a strong academic record work experience : 2-7 years or equivalent legal experience insurance litigation work exposure desirable demonstrated track record of trial skills and techniques certificates / degrees : successful completion of the bar and ethics examinations in the state ( s ) in which representation is required active license to practice law . communication skills : articulate presentation skills using technology strong and persuasive legal writing skills and oral advocacy skills ability to clearly and succinctly articulate position computer skills : ability to effectively understand and utilize technology and automation resources , including , but not limited to , microsoft_office products , voice recognition technology , and other law office management programs . other : independent ability to analyze legal issues with minimal_supervision appreciation for and commitment to delivery of high_quality legal work works collaboratively with team members and others demonstrates desire to acquire effective trial skills with increased litigation complexity demonstrates superior legal acumen demonstrates personal commitment to professional_development continued development of technical skills with a goal of handling the highest complexity / exposure mcu cases personal integrity and adherence to a high_degree of professionalism and ethical competency strong research skills strong negotiation skillsmulti tasking tolerance and success decision_making and problem_solving abilities sense of urgency / responsiveness cl 3073travelers is an equal_opportunity employer . we actively promote a drug_free workplace . . please see description .


assistant attorney general king man , az website the arizona attorney general 's office child and family protection division / child support services section is seeking an assistant attorney general . to apply please visit : https : / / azstatejobs . azdoa . gov / ltmprod / xmlhttp / shorturl . do ? key=8go source - arizona republic - phoenix , az . please refer to the job_description to view the requirements for this job


job_description key position details .


job_summary the law offices of eric g . anderson , a cna staff counsel office , is currently seeking an experienced litigation attorney with first chair insurance defense or related trial experience for its br ea , ca office . this role handles a broad spectrum of liability matters with a focus on community association / not for_profit and professional services matters , including architects , engineers , design professionals , employment law , and accountant liability matters , in addition to premises liability , products liability , wrongful death and general insurance defense matters . under technical direction , provides legal services to the claim department . has on_going relationship and accountability for the department or specialty being served . is a recognized legal expert in specialized areas . work assignments consist of major legal tasks involving problems of the highest level of difficulty with complex facts that are in question for which considerable legal judgment , experience and independent reasoning are required . handles cases with insured exposure in excess of $ 100 , 000 and may include extra contractual damages . this position is a litigation trial attorney . minimum 5 years of law firm or in_house experience and first chair insurance defense or related trial experience essential duties & responsibilities1 . handles insurance defense or coverage matters from pleadings through trial . manages litigation preparation driving for superior results . develops the litigation strategy , and prepares / directs the preparation of all necessary materials ie , briefs , motions , discovery , depositions , experts , etc . advises whether a case should be tried or settled and actively drives case to resolution with an appropriate sense of urgency . 2 . handles bench and jury trials as first chair in both state and federal court as necessary . tries all aspects of cases including court appearances , trial preparation , motions , discovery and negotiations . 3 . communicates regularly and concisely with clients , claim professionals , leadership and others to ensure appropriate level of understanding and documentation exists for effective case management . 4 . conducts legal research and analysis of facts and information to provide counsel and guidance on legal questions or issues . 5 . prepares opinions or position papers on various legal issues and interpretation of legal issues / provisions . 6 . counsels client / management / claim professionals to avoid legally unsound decisions or plans and when changes in the law occur . 7 . may train , or mentor other attorneys and paralegals . trains department staff on appropriate procedures ( eg , claims , etc ) . 8 . collaboratively works with clients , claim professionals , underwriting , risk control and other third parties while resolving legal issues . 9 . works independently in resolving legal cases with oversight supervision . 10 . responds to government regulatory agencies as_needed . may perform additional duties as assigned . reporting relationship typically director or above skills , knowledge & abilities1 . advanced knowledge of the theories , principles , practices and procedures of litigation management within an insurance organization . 2 . excellent verbal and written communication , negotiation and presentation skills . 3 . strong negotiation , consultative and facilitation skills with the ability to effectively interact with all internal and external business partners , 4 . ability to exercise independent judgment , and to work with and maintain confidential and sensitive information . 5 . excellent analytical and problem_solving skills , and senior_level skill in managing ambiguous situations and issues . 6 . proven ability to take a pro_active long_term view of business goals and objectives in order to achieve strategic business results . 7 . knowledge of microsoft_office suite and other business_related software ie team connect or other case management software . 8 . value driven to provide superior solutions to internal and / or external clients . 9 . acts with a sense of urgency to advance priorities of the client / organization . 10 . helps self and others to excel through collaboration and building strong relationships . 11 . thinks creatively and uses diverse ideas to solve_problems . 12 . raises expectations of self and others by continuously learning and broadening industry and technical skills . education & experience1 . bachelor 's degree with jd , and admission to the bar of california . 2 . typically requires a minimum of five_years of legal experience in claims and / or law firm with a progressively increasing level of responsibility . requires trial and / or litigation experience . requires a proven track record of results . 3 . may require specific technical / functional area legal experience . attorney bach f6f5fe bets arc setter to attorney works and duties .


