responsibilities will be for oversight of multiple community and state health plans and the prior authorization process . it will be critical that process are compliant and standard across regions . development of staff , supervisors and managers are necessary . strong communication , presentation skills . strong management_skills . experience in management positions in this function include rn ( with current li_censure ) and lpn / lvn roles that work under the direct_supervision of an rn or md . function is responsible for utilization management , utilization review , or concurrent review ( on_site or telephonic in_patient care management ) . performs reviews of current in_patient services . determines medi_cal appropriateness of in_patient and out_patient services following evaluation of medi_cal guidelines and benefit determination . - provides leadership to and is accountable for the performance of managers and / or senior_level professional staff . - impact of work is most often at the operational or local business_unit or market level . requires current unrestricted rn li_censure in applicable state . bsn or rn required 4 years experience in management required active unrestricted li_censure required unitedhealthcare employer & individual is part of the family of companies that make united health group one of the leaders across most major segments of the us health_care system . when you work with unitedhealthcare employer & individual , what you do matters . it 's that simple . . . and it 's that challenging . in providing consumer-oriented health benefit plans to millions of people , our goal is to create higher quality care , lower costs and greater access to health_care . join us and you will be empowered to achieve new levels of excellence and make a profound and personal impact as you contribute to new innovations in a vital and complex system . regardless of your role at unitedhealthcare employer & individual , the support you feel all_around you will enable you to do what you do with energy , integrity , and confidence . so take the first step in what is sure to be a fast_paced and highly diversified career . diversity creates a healthier atmosphere : equal_opportunity employer m / f / d / v united health group is a drug_free workplace . candidates are required to pass a drug_test before beginning employment . in addition , employees in certain positions are subject to random drug_testing . linkup ad clinical .


the cardiac treatment center area is a 16 bay unit located in the ancillary building of bumcp ( 2 nd floor ) . this is a procedural unit . the nurses here prep and recover cath lab and ep lab and all interventional radiology outpatients . these patients can have a variety of procedures including cardiac and peripheral s tents , pacemakers , ep studies , ablations , and icds . ctc also does tee 's and cardioversions for all outpatients and those inpatients not in the icu 's . most patients will go home the day of the procedure . a few post cardiac intervention patients will spend the night in ctc and anticipate dc in the am . -- -about banner - university medi_cal center phoenix formerly banner good samaritan medi_cal center , banner - university medi_cal center phoenix is a nationally recognized academic medi_cal center , highly regarded for its expertise to treat some of the most complex medi_cal cases . it is the new home for medi_cal discoveries , thanks to collaboration with the university of arizona college of medicine - phoenix . with more than 650 licensed patient_care beds , banner university medi_cal center phoenix is the flagship hospital within banner health , offering care to the community since 1911 . located in the heart of downtown phoenix , banner university medi_cal center is a level i trauma center as well as a teaching hospital that trains more than 220 physicians annually . through leading_edge innovation and profound compassion , we have established an international reputation for excellence in such highly_specialized services as solid organ transplantation , high_risk obstetrics , blood conservation medicine , movement disorders and more . we are also recognized by us news and world report in its america 's best hospitals list for nine straight years , and our commitment to nursing excellence has enabled us to achieve magnet recognition by the american nurses credentialing center . about banner health banner health is a comprehensive , award_winning , non_profit health_system with facilities in seven western states . throughout our network of hospitals , primary care health centers , research centers , labs , physician practices , and much more , our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to change the way care is provided . the many locations , career_opportunities and benefits offered at banner health help to make the banner journey unique and fulfilling for every employee . -- -job_summary this position assesses , plans , implements , evaluates and documents nursing_care of patients in accordance with organizational policies and in accordance with standards of professional nursing practice utilizing the framework for professional nursing practice and development . this position is accountable for the quality of nursing services delivered by self or others who are under their direction . this position utilizes specialized knowledge , judgment , and nursing skills necessary to assess data and plan , provide and evaluate care appropriate to the physical and developmental age of assigned patients . essential functions assesses patient physical , psychological , social , spiritual , educational , developmental , cultural and discharge planning needs . reviews patient history and physical with patient / family and assures completion within appropriate time frame . reviews available information obtained by other health_care team members . reviews diagnostics and laboratory data and reports abnormal results to the physician ( s ) and other appropriate caregivers . completes assessment and reassessments according to patient need and as outlined in policy . formulates a plan of care , including the discharge plan , utilizing assessment data and patient , family and health team input . initiates a plan of care based on patient_specific needs , assessment data and the medi_cal plan of care . goals for patient are realistic , measurable and developed in conjunction with the patient / family . considers the physical , cultural , psycho_social , spiritual , age_specific and educational needs of the patient in the plan of are . plans care in collaboration with members of the multi_disciplinary team . reviews and revises the plan of care to reflect changing patient needs_based on evaluation of the patients status . implements the plan of care through direct patient_care , coordination , delegation and supervision of the activities of the health_care team . provides care based on physician orders and the nursing plan of care , in compliance with policies and procedures , standards of care , and regulatory agency requirements . delegates appropriately , and provides nursing supervision in the provision of care to patients by other licensed nurses and other personnel . promotes continuity of care by accurately and completely communicating to other caregivers the status of patients for whom care is provided . evaluates the patient 's and family 's response to care and teaching , and revises the plan of care as_needed . evaluates patient progress towards goals and expected outcomes in collaboration with other health_care team members . evaluates patient 's response and the effectiveness of patient teaching . documents assessment , planning , implementation and evaluation in the patient record . documentation is legible , timely and in accordance with policy . documentation reflects objective / subjective data , nursing interventions and patients response to treatment . notes physician orders accurately and in a timely_manner . provides care based on the best evidence available and may participate in research activities within clinical practice . participates in unit or facility shared leadership . interacts and participates in the education , role development , and orientation of facility personnel , patients , students , families and visitors . promotes / supports growth of others through precepting and mentoring when appropriate . contributes to society through activities that lead to excellent patient outcomes through timely , effective , efficient , equitable , and safe care . actively participates in the improvement of national nursing quality indicators and outcomes . such activities may include participating in professional organizations . in some roles , this position may supervise staff and work flow of the department . minimum_qualifications must possess a current , valid rn license in_state of practice , temporary rn license in_state of practice , or compact rn li_censure for current state of practice . bls certification is required . additional certification or continuing education may be required based on area of practice . relates throughout the interview process the experience , training and education needed to perform the job . experience in the clinical area for which he or she is applying is desired . must maintain clinical performance competencies appropriate to the area in which they work as demonstrated through annual validations . banner registry and travel acute_care positions require a minimum of one_year experience in an acute_care hospital setting . experience must include working in an acute_care setting within the past 12 months as a registered_nurse in the specialty area . banner registry and travel physician practice positions require a minimum of one_year experience as a registered_nurse in a physician practice or an acute_care setting . preferred_qualifications bachelors_degree preferred . professional certification preferred . additional related education and / or experience preferred . community bets arc setter bach f6f5fe use health locations needs .


at dignity health mercy merced medi_cal center , we deliver human kindness through serving the health_care needs of the greater merced community . our vision is to help the people of our community become physically , emotionally and spiritually healthy . as part of our team , you will provide clinical expertise ; support and oversight that helps ensure our patients receive exceptional care . this is your opportunity to champion the charge by joining in our mission of healing through human kindness . job_summary : consistent with scope of li_censure , parameters of the california nurse practice act , and mercy medi_cal center ( mmc ) policy and procedure , this position renders direct and indirect nursing_care to assigned patient populations ; assesses patients for nursing needs , establishes and implements a problem oriented plan of nursing_care , and evaluates the effectiveness of care provided and provides immediate direction to other members of the nursing_care team to assure the appropriate provision of nursing services . patient age populations served , and the specific competencies that comprise this job_title may vary among nursing units . these specifics are found in the department / unit orientation and initial assessment of competency checklists for this unit / position , and by reference form a part of this job_description . minimum_requirements : must possess and maintain a current registered_nurse ( rn ) license with the state of california . must possess and maintain a current basic life support ( bls ) certificate . must possess and maintain a current advance cardiac life support ( ac ls ) certificate or obtain one within 6 months of hire . must possess and maintain a current pediatrics advance life support ( pals ) or emergency nurse pediatrics certified ( enpc ) certificate at the time of employment . new nurse graduates must obtain one within 6 months of employment and or transfer . preferred requirements : current mic n or tn cc certification bi_lingual previous acute or emergency experience a plus certification for emergency nurse ( cen ) certificate . mercy medi_cal center has been building a rich history of care in our community for more than 100 years . we have grown from a small one-story wooden structure into a major health_care provider with a brand new 186-bed main campus , offering the latest in facility design and technology . mercy also operates out_patient centers , a cancer center and several rural clinics . wherever you work throughout our system , you will find faces of experience with dedication to high_quality , personalized care . joining our 1 , 300 employees , 230 physicians and many volunteers , you can help carry_out our commitment to providing our community with the excellence they have come to associate with mercy medi_cal center .


seeking registered nurses for travel assignments . critical care rn , or rn , surgical services rn , med_surg rn , ldrp rn , women 's health rn , ni cu rn , pa cu rn , cardiac cath rn . take advantage of parallons new travel nurse job opportunities today ! .


job_description : 9534530 job_description & requirements medi_cal surgical nurse - ( ms rn ) start date : asap available shifts : 12 d pay rate : $ 30 . 00 - 35 . 00this unit boasts the latest in advanced technology housed within a caring and effective patient_care model . often referred to as the backbone of adult-care facilities , medi_cal-surgical nurses are responsible for all adult patients receiving medi_cal or surgical care . the med_surg rn typically works in the following settings : hospitals out_patient facilities home_care urgent care long_term care because they generally care for a large amount of patients at any given time , medi_cal-surgical nurses face a wide variety of health conditions required qualifications ca licenseaclsabout the facility among the largest and most comprehensive medi_cal centers in its area , this bustling 367-bed hospital is home to the only designated trauma center in the region , and offers a full range of medi_cal services , including emergency / trauma , cancer , a women and infants center , an orthopedic institute , a cardiovascular institute , a senior program , a renowned wellness center , and out_patient rehabilitation services . facility location surrounded by dramatic mountains , red-rock canyons and sweeping desert wilderness , palm springs is the ideal place to indulge in quiet pursuits or heart-pounding adventures . from mountain biking and hot air ballooning to tennis , shopping or poolside relaxation , this pristine oasis offers an abundance of pleasures . job benefit sat american mobile health_care we take care of our travelers ! we offer : competitive_pay rates free , quality , private housing medi_cal , dental , vision 401 ( k ) and flex spending life_insurance accident and short_term disability coverage free continuing education refer a friend and earn extra cash ! about the company since its inception in 1985 , american mobile health_care has set the highest standards in professional recruitment for the travel health_care industry . our professional staffing team offers unparalleled customer_service and industry commitment , as well as top pay and benefits . amn health_care is an eeo / aa / disability / protected veteran employer . we encourage minority and female applicants to apply medi_cal surgery nurse , medi_cal surgery rn , med_surg nurse , med_surg rn , patient_care , nurse , nursing , rn , rn , registered_nurse , health_care , health_care , hospital 9534530 .


acts as the on_site administrative designee for the entire facility for off-shifts and week_ends . manages all the patient_care departments , ensuring appropriate quality of care and compliance w / regulations . essential functions : - manages the off_hours and weekend patient_care activities . - ensures staffs provide the highest quality of care and are in compliance w / the nurse practice act , the joint commission , federal , state , and local requirements . - coordinates and monitors staffing for all shifts and maintains appropriate staffing levels and skill mix . - participates in developing , reviewing , and updating departmental policies and procedures . - identifies and implements best_practices to provide improved quality care and services . - assess and monitors clinical nursing practice for optimal patient_care . - designs and evaluates processes to improve systems and patient_care results across the continuum . - follows_up on all clinical issues . monitors quality of care delivered , ensuring it meets age_related and developmental needs of patients . - supervises staff , assesses their needs and identifies educational opportunities . - collaborates w / all departments throughout the medi_cal center . - acts as patient advocate . - assists in developing , monitoring and maintaining the budget . identifies and recommends opportunities to reduce costs . - manages and resolves human resource , employee and department safety , and risk_management issues . secondary functions : mentors staff in transition to self_directed work teams and new models of care delivery . shares accountability for accomplishment of organizational and team goals and objectives . strong inter_personal communication skills . responsible for coordinating beds in the valley with outside care and eprp , to insure repatriation of patients . functions : 1 . has comprehensive understanding of patient flow . 2 . establishes priorities and expectations with department leaders , nursing , evs , admitting , pharmacy , eds , transportation , discharge planning , hbs , specialty departments , infection control , and eprp . 3 . uses bed tracker to continuously monitor ed and or volume . 4 . uses bed tracker to continuously monitor beds and expedite patient flow . - confirms capacity through direct observation . - develops and implements a shift report to be completed by nursing management , report to include confirmed movement . - anticipates openings . - determines where the patient will go and expedite services required to move patient . 6 . walks the floors and ed or works with the other house supervisors to round at least every 2 hours . 7 . anticipates admissions and next placement . 8 . identifies and eliminate barriers . - documents patient_specific barriers to timely placement . - initiates action to eliminate bottleneck . 9 . has authority to work with all services and initiates action to move patients . 10 . develops contingency plans to move patients . 11 . develops contingency plans for staffing ; defines levers ( ot , manager ) . 12 . monitors timeliness of in_patient discharge . 13 . develops reports . - exception reports for every patient boarding ed , pa cu . - demonstrates outcomes . - demonstrates trends . 14 . reviews eprp and consult on placement . 15 . notifies leadership if there are placements , beds , or staffing issues . qualifications : basic_qualifications : - previous supervisory_experience required , usually one ( 1 ) year . - previous acute_care hospital experience required , usually ( 4 ) years . - bsn or ba in health_care related field preferred . - graduate of an accredited school of nursing . - current california rn license required . - current bls certification required . - ac ls certification required . - demonstrated strong inter_personal written and communication skills . knowledge of nurse practice act , the joint commission , and other local , state , and federal regulations . external hires must pass a background_check / drug screen . we are proud to be an equal_opportunity / affirmative action_employer . .


travel nurse rn registered_nurse ( nursing / health_care ) job_description the right solutions is seeking an experienced registered_nurse to join our team of travel nurses . our travel nurses perform a variety of duties to care for and comfort the sick , injured , or others requiring medi_cal services . we are looking for compassionate rns with at least one_year of nursing experience in a hospital setting . nation_wide jobs are available . travel nurse rn registered_nurse ( nursing / health_care ) job_responsibilities as a travel nurse you will use your nursing skills to assess , treat , and rehabilitate clients . you will also be responsible for supervising and motivating staff . additional responsibilities : assuring that the psycho_social needs and the safety and physical comfort of the client are identified and met assisting with the rehabilitation of clients according to the care plan observing and recording all pertinent information and reporting to the appropriate supervisor teaching clients , family_members , and auxiliary nursing personnel proper health maintenance care evaluating client care outcomes . travel nurse rn registered_nurse ( nursing / health_care ) job_requirements this nursing role requires a registered_nurse who is passionate about providing the highest quality of care for patients . you must_have excellent inter_personal communication skills , strong problem_solving skills , and the ability to prioritize and multi_task under pressure . additional requirements : registered_nurse license 1 year of nursing experience in a hospital setting excellent written and verbal communication skills strong organizational , reasoning , and problem_solving skills travel nurse rn registered_nurse ( nursing / health_care )


requisition id : 6374 job_title : registered_nurse ii - bsn position_summary and key responsibilities registered nurses who practice in surgical oncology / telemetry services are characterized by their passion and compassion . working closely with their physician colleagues , these professionals deliver care , and are called upon to assess if a transfer from out_patient to in_patient status is advisable when intense treatment or observation placement may be required . 4w is the surgical in_patient unit that has the capability to monitor all 18 beds with cardiac telemetry . nurses who choose to practice in this unit are specially trained to provide care to patients requiring close monitoring of flap reconstructions . care provided on 4w includes : pre- and post surgical care to adult patients of general oncologic surgery , gynecologic surgery , neurosurgery , plastic and reconstructive surgery , urology and bone marrow donors pain management hydration therapy transfusion therapy infection management terminal and palliative care management of the side effects of disease or treatment perfect fit : someone with an insatiable curiosity and sense of inquiry to learn why we treat cancer as we do - and to help us achieve the next level of care a heartfelt commitment to providing quality , evidence_based care to help patients achieve optimal outcomes . an abiding compassion for patients and their families , all of whom are fighting against cancer and for a return to health . a holistic view of health_care , recognizing that professional nurses not only care for the physical symptoms of cancer , but for the mental , emotional , psychological and spiritual manifestations as well . a genuine desire to be challenged by a complex patient population that is aging , and may be suffering from co-morbidities like heart disease or diabetes in addition to a cancer diagnosis . a contagious enthusiasm for focusing - or refocusing - your career on the sense of vocation that compelled you to choose nursing in the first place . minimum education and skills required for consideration : bsn ( bachelor of science in nursing ) required . 2 years of clinical experience in area of expertise preferred . current california registered_nurse license . current american heart association bls & ac ls . ac ls and pals certifications preferred . ccrn preferred . ocn preferred . ( internal clinical nurse in job code 9011 , 9020 , 9013 , or 9014 ) about city of hope city of hope , an innovative bio medi_cal research , treatment and educational institution with over 5000 employees , is dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life_threatening diseases and guided by a compassionate , patient_centered philosophy . founded in 1913 and headquartered in duarte , california , city of hope is a remarkable non_profit institution , where compassion and advanced care go hand_in_hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research . city of hope is a national cancer institute designated comprehensive cancer center and a founding member of the national comprehensive cancer network , an alliance of the nation s 20 leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment . city of hope is a national cancer institute designated comprehensive cancer center and a founding member of the national comprehensive cancer network , an alliance of the nation s 20 leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment . .


position_summary you earned the degree , now get the respect . nurses are vital to quality patient_care , and in the air_force , they re treated that way . our nurses are respected members of a team of highly trained medi_cal and health_care professionals who work in_state-of-the-art medi_cal facilities or aeromedical evacuation units around the world . being an emergency room nurse in the air_force can be a bit different than in a civilian setting . stateside , the cases will be similar to the ones you see now . but if you go overseas , you could be called on to handle cases that push your skills to the limit and beyond . you ll get to focus on one thing : being a world_class practitioner . additionally , the air_force has openings in many other clinical rn and nurse specialist career fields , including : operating room nurse . family nurse practitioner . mental_health nurse . obstetrical nurse . women s health nurse practitioner . mental_health nurse practitioner . benefits the air_force benefits_package is unparalleled in the civilian world . benefits include : 30 days of vacation with pay each year . excellent health_care coverage for you and your family . a retirement pension after 20 years of qualifying service and a thrift savings program similar to 401 ( k ) . prestigious leadership , training and educational opportunities . free or low_cost world travel opportunities . qualifications this is an active_duty position as an air_force officer . to be considered , you must meet the following minimum_requirements : must be a us citizen age 18 48 must be willing to relocate must be a registered_nurse and have a minimum of a master s of science in nursing as a family nurse practitioner must_have at least six months of family nurse practitioner experience with one_year experience overall rn experience about the air_force our mission is to fly , fight and win in air , space and cyberspace . we live by three core values : integrity first , service before self and excellence in all we do . the air_force offers hundreds of careers , from health_care to engineering , in order to serve the american people and provide precise and reliable global vigilance , reach and power for the nation . go_to http : / / www . air_force . com / health_care / nurse to learn more . please click the live chat button and speak with an air_force adviser . there is no obligation on your part . operating the being bets arc setter bach f6f5fe .


: nursing staffing office requisition number : 8730-14240 featured job : no job category : nursing interest : licensed rn shift : 2nd shift status : per die m flat hours : 1300-0100 days : various qualifications : required : current li_censure , or interim permit as a registered_nurse in the state of california . current bls certification is required . ac ls is required for critical care areas . job_description : corresponds to the `` novice '' nurse in benner 's model . new hires , whether experienced or new graduate nurses , are classified as staff nurses for the initial six months . the staff nurse is obtaining knowledge and experience in clinical and technical skills . under the guidance of a preceptor , charge nurse , nurse manager and educator , this nurse collects objective data and seeks assistance in making clinical decisions . the staff nurse utilizes the nursing process based on research and evidence_based outcomes to meet patient_care needs . participates in maintaining a safe patient_care environment . demonstrates leadership_skills by directing personnel and establishing collegial relationships with others . provides quality nursing_care to all patients in accordance with the california nurse practice act , and professional regulatory standards . projects an image of professionalism in communication , appearance and conduct . supports the mission of the patient_care services division . participates in the continuous quality_improvement process . maintains a working_knowledge of departmental and hospital standards , policies and procedures . performs other duties as assigned . city : bets arc setter bach f6f5fe with graduate .
